this little frog
uses color as a warning its skin
is full of glands which produce a deadly
poison
so its color is a very clear message eat
me
and you'll regret it
[Music]
they're different because the diet on
some islands
makes some more poisonous than others
and the more poison a frog has the more
brightly coloured
it is on solate island
a red male is busy calling
this is his patch and he's looking
for a female
he should be popular females prefer
bright
shiny skin which is a sign of fitness
his color is also an indication to other
males
of his strength
he spots an intruder he's about the same
size
but he's a paler color
and he doesn't challenge the brighter
frog
but this one is a different matter
he is a contender
nothing for it but to fight it out
[Music]
that did it he won't be back for a while
you